docs(wait for file chooser): clarifies wait for file chooser docs (#7534)
puppeteer/puppeteer: docs/api.md

#### page.waitForFileChooser([options])

- `options` <[WaitTimeoutOptions](####WaitTimeoutOptions)> Optional waiting parameters

> - returns: <[Promise]<[FileChooser]>> A promise that resolves after a page requests a file picker _due to file upload_.

Reviewer: This is not accurate — the file does not have to be "uploaded" to any server at all.

Author: Updated the docs as per you suggested.

> **NOTE** This must be called _before_ the file chooser is launched. It will not return a currently active file chooser.

> > **NOTE** "File picker" refers to the operating system's file selection UI that lets you browse to a folder and select file(s) to be shared with the web app. It’s not the "Save file" dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE** “File picker” refers to the operating system’s file selection UI that lets you browse to a folder and select file(s) to be shared with the web app. It’s not the “Save file” dialog.
```

[FileChooser] objects are returned via the ['page.waitForFileChooser'](#pagewaitforfilechooseroptions) method.

> File choosers let you react to the page requesting for file(s) to be loaded to the browser. (This file chooser does not cover "Save file" dialog.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File choosers let you react to the page requesting for file(s) to be loaded by the web app. (This file chooser does not cover the “Save file” dialog.)
```
